hey guys hello everyone I am T cat here
today I am in Los Angeles showing eyes
Lazard us la vegans live a rata for
lifestyle it's currently after 4 o'clock
so that's you know not I can eat
anything that's not wrong so I invited T
cat to come on the channel and talk
about politics but he told me that he's
transitioning his fat channel to being a
food and product review channel so this
is what its gonna be I guess because
that's veganism in the current year
manner sauce pales politically from
Italy it's made by Chef Boyardee let's
review this oh wait I do I need to be
totally like like dish ingenuously an
ironic like other vegans that do my
things I don't know man I mean are you
getting paid by anyone do this review oh
I want to show doubt thrive market or
anything else in the video oh yeah this
video starts it's brought to you by me
and the meditation app tranquil so
marinara sauce it's best cold
the oregano was grown in northern Sicily
I can tell that because of the spice of
the oregano the tomatoes were
hand-picked by a woman named Maria whose
husband's hands were cut off in a
textile factory accident and I give this
sauce a seven out of ten so in the next
five years you're thinking you're gonna
take over supreme bananas slot I mean
given that the whole like food review
channel thing is is poppin and what what
what's the game plan here um yeah
absolutely
um I think with mukbangs I am going to
it's gonna be a five-year style of
method acting so I'm going to develop an
addiction to some kind of drug a drug
that the stronger drug than what I'm
currently on because heroin is yeah
heroin gets me through the day because
you can because I don't know I was
thinking might go the other route this
whole thing with like gaining and losing
300 pounds seems to get a lot of you
somebody who thought about that [ __ ]
yeah I I could do like well it's the
identity politics of motivation all
right addiction weight loss missing -
right like I mean you could just start
off by [ __ ] Nick econo abakada that
would seem to me a shortcut yeah coming
out of the closet or attempt to come out
of closet right i muted halfway he did
the weight gain and that he never did
the weight loss you want to see both
sides that journey you know it's not
enough to just get fat on camera how
much is enough is gaining a hundred
pounds enough anymore I don't know well
I would need to break the scale at the
place in time real in Vegas right if I
don't if you don't if you can't get free
food at architect at the Heart Attack
Grill are you really obese right I mean
like Shane Dawson I think
you lost a hundred pounds but that was
like in 2002 or something but that was
from [ __ ] kids right well I hope
that's a weight gain or weight loss
activity well like in 2018 there's like
there's like inflation for this [ __ ] so
now it's like I think you got to lose
200 pounds together yeah yeah it's like
the whole I think like how my queue
Rises the flu it's like the Flynn effect
of what it lost I think there are other
things you could do to get on living in
LA couldn't you just try to like [ __ ]
tanomoshii oh and force her to come back
to veganism couldn't you just dating ex
vegans couldn't that be your thing could
you have some other niche I mean food is
played out man
food I I think I could harass ex vegans
like like that works really well for
getting views for some other but but but
from the comfort of my desk with my
anime characters I think from the
advertisers perspective that's not gonna
Oh what-what product can you package
with harassment it doesn't work that's
why nobody throws paint on people
wearing fur anymore that was hot in the
80s but people figured out it is not
gonna make any money at that so yeah I
mean there's unless you make some weight
loss sleeping with people more famous
than yourself I don't know I mean that's
you know being vegan on YouTube in Los
Angeles in 2018 no any more any more
pages in the playbook no what's I think
I could start the religion of
Scientology but with like the vegan like
oh yeah because I'll do a vegan paint
job on Scientology exactly
[Music]